hello guys and welcome to my channel I
know that many of you are about to apply
to University of your dreams somewhere
abroad probably in the United States and
you have this question how do I send
TOEFL scores to that University and I
know many of you asked that question in
the comments below so here's the answer
but the first thing I want you to
remember is that please do not take
TOEFL just for the sake of taking TOEFL
and finding out your score because there
are so many resources online where you
can take the TOEFL test and you will
automatically get your results for
reading and listening part and I will
leave a couple of links below for the
materials that you can use to actually
take TOEFL test at home as for the
speaking and writing part you actually
need to hire a tutor or somebody who has
experience in passing Torvill to give
you a feedback this dish it cannot be a
random English language tutor this
teacher has to be a professional TOEFL
teacher who will actually guide you
through the tips and tricks that you
have to do in order to pass TOEFL and I
will leave a link below Jonathan who's
or my teacher actually helps students
with speaking and writing part and other
parts as well so please don't waste your
money don't go and take TOEFL multiple
times because even if you fail then you
will lose that motivation you will think
oh I failed TOEFL probably I wouldn't be
able to get to the University of my
dreams but this really comes from the
lack of preparation and maybe you spent
another two of three weeks or a month
very joyful with the right teacher with
the right book you would save that money
oh I'm taking multiple TOEFL tests and
go and take TOEFL and score the score
that you need so I pass my TOEFL with
the first attempt and I scored
117 out of 120 before actually taking
the test
you can tell 80s which is the
organization that organizes TOEFL where
you want total scores to be sent for
free and you can send them to four
different is to
fusions before you take TOEFL so what I
did I had a list of six different
universities I wanted to apply to and
they knew that I would send my TOEFL
scores for three to four different
universities and I would have to pay
extra fees for the other two if you go
to a university or other institutions
website click International Admissions
select TOEFL they would have the
institution code which you actually type
in when you register for TOEFL now I'm
going to go and log into my account and
show you the whole process now let me
show you how you find out institution
codes on institutions website I've
chosen Stanford Business School so we go
to admission and then you click
application materials or it could be
international admissions or language
test requirements something like that
and here we see TOEFL IELTS Pte we click
that and here's all information about
TOEFL and you need minimum a hundred to
be eligible for Stanford application and
then it also tells you score validity
TOEFL is actually valid for two years
and here they tell you how to report
your TOEFL scores to Stanford and here's
the institution code school code it's
for 7:04 for Stanford and I'm going to
copy that and I advise you guys to have
a spreadsheet with all of those
university codes so you don't lose them
now I go to Edie as dorg this is the
website which is organizing tofu all
over the world and I select TOEFL I
already have an account here because I
took my TOEFL in 2015 but I'm going to
show you how to register for TOEFL
so here on my homepage I click a
register or a test now I select TOEFL
test here's all the important
information please don't forget to read
it and I agree to terms and conditions
and I'm going to choose the location
after selecting the exact location
I would also need to give them my
preferred dates for taking the TOEFL
test in order to see where I can
actually do it so after giving the dates
the ETS or Doric website gives me L list
of places where I can take TOEFL and -
let's select American Academy of English
and click continue so here I you select
your score boarding preferences and it
says online score board only and this is
what I advise you to select because I've
never ever seen an institution that
requires you a paper copy and you don't
actually need it because you can print
it out yourself and you don't really
need a paper bag copy and here is the
page where you type in the institutions
or score recipients so universities that
you want to receive your TOEFL score and
you put an institution code in here and
click search here Sanford Stanford
University and as you know it's good at
school management that I'm kind of
applying to and I have three more
options three more universities where I
can send my scores for free you can
actually add more here but they would
start charging you $19 studying with a
fifth institution but because I'm just
showing you how it works I'm gonna click
continue and this is just some kind of
questionnaire that you can skip and here
you need to understand and agree to the
terms and conditions this is where they
upsell you with different books and
materials for TOEFL preparation um I
don't know I've never used them so I
just click skip and don't forget that
I'm going to leave the links to all the
TOEFL materials that I've used below and
here's the price from a TOEFL test it's
a hundred ninety and I think it might be
a little more expensive in other
countries because I took my first TOEFL
test
Russia and I think it costs around 250
and I might be wrong I don't remember
and here's what you see that I'm I'm
affording my scores to Stanford and they
charge me zero and this has had money
and then I just click confirm order and
it's all done thank you guys so much for
watching this video I hope it was useful
if you have any questions regarding
TOEFL please feel free to ask them in
comments don't forget to subscribe to my
channel because you're going to see a
lot of interesting stuff about getting
me to to American universities life in
the state and the whole application
process
so I hope to see in the next videos
thank you for watching bye bye